It was all done by the Gu family
It's all their fault
They did it.
Said it was to make it clear that I was admitted to my ideal university
Throw me a celebration party
I was defenseless.
Drink the drink they handed
When I wake up
I was already lying on the bed of the Gu family partner
Relatives were also designed 5 years ago
And I was also designed by a business competitor at that time.
Took a woman's kiss
green
Do you remember what that hotel was called?
I don't remember.
I just remember that the beast was crazy
It's useless how I struggle and how I call it
Don't let me go
Qingqing good
If you don't want the past, let it go
It's all right.
I'll have someone investigate it privately then.
Just a hotel with a fresh networking demonstration
If you are really in the same hotel
The woman from 5 years ago should have been Qingqing
No.
I'm going to tell you everything about me.
I wanted to forget this terrible history of mine
Keep going back to school.
But just before school starts
I was checked out of reputation
My stepmother tried to destroy me completely
Locked me in the basement
Speaking of the day I gave birth
What about your father?
You are his biological daughter
Did he just watch you get arrested?
Persecution?
Dad doesn't love mom at all
He married his mother only for her family's money
After he got rich, he washed himself in various ways
Just to get rid of his title of soft rice man
And my existence
Reminding him all the time
He is a man who relies on women to get up
Do you think he would still care about me?
Gu Jiazhenjun beast
It's a loss for me to see that they are relatives and family
Let them go again and again
I will never let them go this time.